# Digital image denoising based on sphere-constrained total variation optimization with an additional noise component
Algorithmic implementation of the PDHGMp algorithm, the Intersecting Spheres method and numerical results
Here are all the scripts and function of the algorithmic implementation of PDHGMp and SIM
There are included implementation of all needed operations such as Ball_proj_SIM and Ball_proj_SIM_1S for sphere projection on a hyperplane. Also there is functionality for generating a sphere Get_Sphere. An unfinished but working version of perturbating the points under an angle (so we shrink the sphere as well) is implemented as Get_Sphere_Angle and possible alternative using geometric translation Get_Sphere_Translate. Also needed for the SIM algorithm is the Intersection(center, radius and normal vector set) computation. They are done by Get_Intersection and Get_Intersection_1S.
Several variants are available for the SIM function, including SIM_1S(for one sphere), SIM_Angle (for pertubating the points under an angle), SIM_Expand (for generating a sphere bigger than the original with noise mean 1), SIM_Translate (for using translation to lower the intersection radius). Every solution for shrinking the sphere radius is functional but not very effective - the differences are barely there. For now, we only shrink the sphere radius. There is also an optimized version of the algorithm, in terms of RAM processing, under SIM_Opt. 
There are two version of the algorithm - one with projection, where the PDHGMp solution is projected onto the intersection and two where the points are actually minimized on the intersection. The no-projection one is implemented under SIM_NP.
Finally there are the scripts which run the test images and test them against different versions of SIM and calculate the results. 
All the numerical results are saved in matrices and the final denoised images are saved in .eps format. All the results can be found on https://drive.google.com/open?id=1r6uJUR0kvdiAbNVRq-ZEt1a_xkcKmede
